README.md, before:

# Monte Carlo Ray Tracer
Monte Carlo ray tracer made for the course TNCG15 - Advanced Global Illumination and Rendering at Linköping University. The implemented rendering methods are Path Tracing and Photon Mapping.

A C++17 compatible compiler is required to compile the code. 

![](renders/c1_64sqrtspp_report_4k_downscaled.png "Path Traced, Scene IOR 1")
![](renders/c1_64sqrtspp_report_4k_flintglass_downscaled.png "Path Traced, Scene IOR 1.75")
![](renders/c1_photon-map_report_2e6_250_16sqrtspp.png "Photon Mapped")
![](renders/c1_64sqrtspp_4k.png)
![](renders/4k_64sqrtspp_to_720p_192sqrtspp_33h_squarelight.png)
![](renders/4k_54sqrtspp_to_720p_162sqrtspp_24h.png)
![](renders/4k_36sqrtspp_to_720p_108sqrtspp.png)
![](renders/80sqrtspp-transparent-glossy.png)
![](renders/hexagon-transparent-44sqrtspp_tonemapped.png)
![](renders/oren_nayar_test.png)
![](renders/russian-roulette_sky_48sqrtspp_tonemapped.png)
![](renders/direct-light_64sqrtspp_tonemapped.png)
![](renders/direct-light_32sqrtspp_tonemapped.png)
![](renders/10h-110ss-10b-naive_tonemapped.png)
![](renders/16h-144sqrspp-8b_naive_tonemapped.png)
![](renders/11h-160ss-8b_filmic_naive.png)

Commit message:

Add report and make small changes

README.md, after:

# Monte Carlo Ray Tracer

Monte Carlo ray tracer with Path Tracing and Photon Mapping written in C++. 

This program was made for the course [Advanced Global Illumination and Rendering (TNCG15)](https://liu.se/studieinfo/kurs/tncg15) at Linköpings Universitet.

A report describing this work in more detail is available [here](report.pdf).

## Compiling

Currently only Visual Studio 2019 project files are included. Compiling on other platforms should be straightforward however, just compile the *.cpp* files in [source](source) with [external/glm](external/glm) and [external/nlohmann](external/nlohmann) directories added to the include path. Requires a compiler with C++17 support.

## Renders

The following images are renders of [scenes/hexagon_room.json](scenes/hexagon_room.json) using various settings and *camera 0*.

___

<h5 align="center">Path Traced, Scene IOR 1.0</h5>

![](renders/c1_64sqrtspp_report_4k_downscaled.png "Path Traced, Scene IOR 1")

___

<h5 align="center">Path Traced, Scene IOR 1.75</h5>

![](renders/c1_64sqrtspp_report_4k_flintglass_downscaled.png "Path Traced, Scene IOR 1.75")

___

<h5 align="center">Photon Mapped, Scene IOR 1.0</h5>

![](renders/c1_photon-map_report_2e6_250_16sqrtspp.png "Photon Mapped")
